Hi, I'm Krish Balraman, Enterprise Support Manager at AWS. Today, I'm joined by Ms. Anutama Chandrasekaran from S&P Global. As generative AI transforms the financial services industry, let's hear how S&P Global is accelerating their AI journey with AWS. Hi, I'm Anutama Chandrasekaran, Senior Director, Head of DevOps and Site Reliability Engineering for Digital Technology Services at S&P Global. As a global fintech leader, S&P Global provides essential intelligence through technology solutions that power the global financial markets, delivering critical data, analytics, and insights to help our clients make confident decisions. Over the past year, we have transformed our developer productivity and experience through cutting-edge generative AI technologies built on Amazon Bedrock. One of our key features is the ability to create a user-friendly, key milestones with the successful launch of our AI-powered infrastructure platform. This platform has transformed how teams manage infrastructure as code by enabling reusable templates and workflows. With several thousand developers building innovative solutions at S&P Global, enhancing developer productivity became a top priority for us, especially as financial markets demand faster innovation to maintain competitive advantage. We wanted to leverage AWS's generative AI capabilities to streamline our infrastructure provisioning process, allowing our teams to focus on high-value application development while ensuring infrastructure is built and deployed in a faster, secure, and reliable manner. Our AWS account team in India, including our Account Manager, Solutions Architect, and Technical Account Manager, provided expert guidance throughout this journey. They helped us refine our solution development process, and provide a more comprehensive, and efficient solution. They helped us refine our solution development process, and provide a more comprehensive, and efficient solution. They helped us refine our solution development process, and provide a more comprehensive, and efficient solution. They helped us refine our solution development process, and provide a more comprehensive, and efficient solution. They helped us refine our solution development process, and provide a more effective solution. They helped us refine our solution development process, and provide a more comprehensive, and efficient solution. They helped us refine our solution development process, and provide a more comprehensive, and efficient solution. They helped us refine our solution development process, and provide a more effective solution for deep learning access from creativity, and provide an industry-скую relationship between senior customers, entrepreneurs, and executives. Thanks for your time, Anu. Let's be honest. That was a greatپ question. Can you share with us how AWS Enterprise Support is helping accelerate your agenda and roadmap? AWS Enterprise Support and Technical Account Managers have been instrumental in accelerating AccoIntern level. That was a great question. GenAI journey. They conducted pre-launch reviews that helped us identify and fix potential bottlenecks, recommended targeted optimizations to our infrastructure, and facilitated cross-team collaboration between our developers and AWS product teams. Their strategic consultative guidance on observability and prompt engineering best practices has significantly improved our platform's performance and reliability. They helped us validate our highest value features through rapid prototyping engagements, which accelerated our first step towards agentic AI roadmap. Thank you, Anu, for the wonderful insights.