Hi, I'm Chris Ballaraman, Enterprise Support Manager at AWS. Today, I am joined by Ms. Anutama Chandrasekaran from S&P Global. As a Generative AI transforms the Financial Services Industry, let's hear how S&P Global is accelerating their AI journey with AWS. Hi, I'm Anutama Chandrasekaran, Senior Director, Head of DevOps, and Site Reliable Engineering for Digital Technology Services at S&P Global. As a Global Faintech Leader, S&P Global provides essential intelligence to technology solutions that power the global financial markets, delivering critical data, analytics, and insights to help our clients make confident decisions. Over the past year, we have transformed our developer productivity and experience through cutting edge generated AI technologies built on Amazon bedrock. One of our key minds to was the successful launch of our AI-powered infrastructure platform. This platform has transformed how to use managed infrastructure as code by enabling reusable templates and workflows with several thousand developers building innovative solutions at S&P Global, enhancing developer productivity became a top priority for us. Especially as financial markets demand faster innovation to maintain competitive advantage. We wanted to leverage AWS's Generative AI capabilities to streamline our infrastructure provisioning process, allowing our teams to focus on high value application development, well-insuring infrastructure as built, and deployed in a faster, secure, and reliable manner. Our AWS Accounting Manager, including our Account Manager, Solutions Architect, and Technical Account Manager, provided expert guidance throughout this journey. They helped us reform our architecture, implement agent-tiketic capabilities, and enable our teams on emerging technologies. This strategic partnership enhanced our DevOps excellence, enabling our engineering teams to deliver innovative solutions faster than before. That was a great insight, Dano. Can you please share with us how AWS Enterprise Support is helping accelerate your January roadmap? AWS Enterprise Support and Technical Account Managers have an instrumental in accelerating our Genie AI journey. The concept of pre-launch reviews that helped us identify and fix potential bottlenecks, recommend a targeted optimisation through our infrastructure, and facilitate a cross-dian collaboration between our developers and AWS product teams. This strategic consultative guidance on observability and prompt engineering best practices has significantly improved our platform's performance and reliability. The head does validate our highest value features through rapid prototyping engagements, which accelerated our first step towards agent-tik AI roadmap. Thank you, Anu, for the wonderful insights.